feat: add Cairo VM builtins documentation (#911)
cairo-book/cairo-book: src/ch204-00-builtins.md

# Builtins

The Cairo whitepaper defines builtins as "predefined optimized low-level execution units".

In other words, builtins are logic blocks embedded in the Cairo architecture

> to significantly enhance performance compared to defining the same logic in Cairo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to significantly enhance performance compared to defining the same logic using Cairo's instruction set.
```

> Builtins can be compared to Ethereum precompiles, which are part
> of the Ethereum client specification rather than deployed smart contracts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Builtins can be compared to Ethereum precompiles, primivive operations implemented in the client's implementation language rather than using EVM opcodes.
```

By embedded, we mean that a specific AIR for each builtin has been added to

> the Cairo architecture to verify its correct usage within the proof.

Reviewer: try to rephrase in another way, it's not very clear
